>> New documentary.
>> Since getting her on cannabis
and using it alongside western
medicine, we've almost
completely destroyed a tumor
that was like never
supposed to really shrink.
>> This week on Gaia.
>> I can't explain it,
but his scan is clear.
There is no more
tumors in his chest.
>> On "Open Minds"
with Regina Meredith.
>> Hold on to and
nurture our hearts.
>> Yes.
>> And find the people where
our hearts can resonate and grow
and be OK with some of the
changes that so many of us are
being asked to go
through right now.
>> On "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> To bring the energy of
a specific constellation
or a specific planet which to
bestow onto a certain point
on the earth the frequency and
the energy consistent with that
body.
>> On the "Awakening
Conference."
>> In the government-- in
the United States government,
and especially in the
intelligence community,
we didn't do anything
without an operational plan.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> They responded because they
thought it was just a regular
airplane.
When they got there, the craft
was actually broken open,
and it was dead
extraterrestrials inside.
>> On "Deep Space."
>> The people from Pleiades
are high vibrational beings.
They are trying to work
with the inner systems.
So they work with our
chakras, with our emotions,
with our soul.
>> Only on Gaia.